_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: <strong> Florian </strong> Schäfer 
permalink: /
description: <a href="#">Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: profile.jpg
  address: >
    <p>331 Annenberg</p>
    <p>1200 E California Blvd</p>
    <p>Pasadena, CA 91106</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---


I'm Florian Schäfer, PhD-candidate in applied and computational
mathematics at [Caltech](http://www.caltech.edu/), where I'm doing research
at the interface of partial differential equations, statistical inference,
and fast algorithms.
More recently, I have been working on game-theory as a paradigm for algorithm design and the computational challenges that come with it.
Check out these [high-level summaries](/projects/) if you want to know more!

I'm part of the [Department of Computing and Mathematical Sciences](http://www.cms.caltech.edu/)
and my PhD-advisor is [Houman Owhadi](http://users.cms.caltech.edu/~owhadi/index.htm).

Before coming to Caltech, I obtained my Bachelor's-- and Master's degrees 
in Mathematics at the [University of Bonn](https://www.mathematics.uni-bonn.de/).

Commit message:

added job market, google scholar profile, SIAM MMS acceptance

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: <strong> Florian </strong> Schäfer 
permalink: /
description: <a href="#">Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: profile.jpg
  address: >
    <p>331 Annenberg</p>
    <p>1200 E California Blvd</p>
    <p>Pasadena, CA 91106</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---


I'm Florian Schäfer, PhD-candidate in applied and computational
mathematics at [Caltech](http://www.caltech.edu/), where I'm doing research
at the interface of partial differential equations, statistical inference,
and fast algorithms.
More recently, I have been working on game theory as a paradigm for algorithm design and the computational challenges that come with it.
Check out these [high-level summaries](/projects/) if you want to know more!

I'm part of the [Department of Computing and Mathematical Sciences](http://www.cms.caltech.edu/)
and my PhD-advisor is [Houman Owhadi](http://users.cms.caltech.edu/~owhadi/index.htm).

Before coming to Caltech, I obtained my Bachelor's-- and Master's degrees 
in Mathematics at the [University of Bonn](https://www.mathematics.uni-bonn.de/).

I am on the academic job market this fall (2020/2021). My teaching and research statements are available upon request.
